put up y'all it's chaos again bringing
us some more orders I'm just going to
dive right into it this is apply swag
basically wanted a purple tiger camo
controller with his name on each side
and nance the star classic tiger design
that we always do here just wanted to
show you guys I one and over two dubs
Cavs who wanted crumpy design but with
no logo bow on the left side he wanted
his clan name dubs and then Kevin Lee
other side's very clean controller very
professional looks very nice we've all
my inserts everywhere and we got that
awesome blow on the back as well yeah on
to Luna this is a very nice controller
we did for him he wanted his name on the
right hand side and his logo on the left
basically a full detailed to moon and
looks very tight you know we got all the
white inserts again the nice sky blue
and just like very sick and over to my
personal favorite bc zelda we have a
lime green pearlescent shell and his
name on the right hand side and for
lesson gold everything is green except
for the bottom trim and top trim and
starting back which are pearlescent
yellow and we have all great inserts
except for our chrome guide button that
can be found on these slim controllers
so it's a very awesome patrol I really
love that one but on to a one we use you
don't do here this one a customer one
day led mod we don't really do Led mods
but we actually did one here will show
it in a second but we have a cut out
there of a skull and three slash marks
and left hand side and we have
multicolored Institute's there looks
very tight we have transparent paint as
well so you actually kind of see these
new controllers a little bit transparent
but if we turn off the lights and go
into cod and start shooting every time
you shoot the LEDs go off on the bumpers
and
they had light up the skull and the
slash marks so looks really awesome we
really don't do these mods too often
here but I mean if you want it this guy
bought the control for 110 dollars so
you know it's a pretty inexpensive mod
if you would like that so you guys think
we should had the option our website
just let us know but yeah thanks for
watching guys website will be up very
soon add some more products on there so
if you want to go check that out I just
head over there and do that and giveaway
will be soon giveaway will be right on
our website launches so thank you guys
free support and I'll see you next time